Add Support for NumPy 2.1 (#9741)
numba/numba: docs/upcoming_changes/9741.highlight.rst

Added Support for NumPy 2.1
---------------------------

> This release adds official support for NumPy 2.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for NumPy 2.1 (excluding the NEP-050 semantics).
```
